"Keep The Change, Ya Filthy Animal!"
"Hasta La Vista, Baby"
"You're Killin' Me, Smalls"
"Life Is Like A Box Of Chocolates, You Never Know What You're Gonna Get"
“May the Force be with you"
“The first rule of Fight Club is you do not talk about Fight Club"
“No. I am your father"
“Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die."
“Why so serious?"
“You can’t handle the truth!"
“Houston, we have a problem"
“Carpe Diem. Seize the day, boys"
“Say hello to my little friend"
“I’m the king of the world!"
“Just keep swimming"
“If you built it, he will come"
“After all, tomorrow is another day!"
”Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope."
“My precious"
“Good morning, Vietnam!"
“I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you."
”They may take our lives, but they'll never take our freedom!"
“It's alive, IT'S ALIVE!"
"Release the Kraken!"
"Which would be worse, to live a monster or die as a good man?"
"That's a bingo!"
"I'm going to have to science the shit out of this."
"That's my secret, Captain: I'm always angry."
"I live my life a quarter mile at a time."
“Get busy living or get busy dying."
“The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself."
“When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us."
“Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do."
“When I dare to be powerful – to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid."
“Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people."
“A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him."
“Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly."
“I can’t give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time."
“It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed."
“I’m a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn’t have the heart to let him down."
“Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world."
“Let us always meet each other with a smile, for the smile is the beginning of love."
“Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful."
“Love is a serious mental disease."
“Our greatest fear should not be of failure… but of succeeding at things in life that don’t really matter."
“It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sit back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things."
“Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more."
“It is our choices, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities."
“Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone."
“If you want to be happy, be."
“Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up."
“If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things."
“Success is just a war of attrition. Sure, there’s an element of talent you should probably possess. But if you just stick around long enough, eventually something is going to happen."
“The opposite of love is not hate; it’s indifference."
“The good news is that the moment you decide that what you know is more important than what you have been taught to believe, you will have shifted gears in your quest for abundance. Success comes from within, not from without."
“Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world."
“I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love."
“It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement — that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life."
“A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself."
“Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world."
“Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game."
“Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air."
“Life is trying things to see if they work."
“Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you’re not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were."
“The No. 1 reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors."
“Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people’s thinking."
“Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom."
“You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated."
“May you live all the days of your life."
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts."
“You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday."
“If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor."
“If you don’t design your own life plan, chances are you’ll fall into someone else’s plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much."
“The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me."
“The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are: first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense."
“The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus."
“A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do."
“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present."
“Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself."
“The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one’s destiny to do, and then do it."
“A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous."
“You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take."
“In order to write about life first you must live it."
“Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail."
“We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit."
“Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much."
“The big lesson in life, baby, is never be scared of anyone or anything."
“To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides."
“Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired."
“Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand."
“I only regret that I have but one life to give for my country."
“The person who reads too much and uses his brain too little will fall into lazy habits of thinking."
“Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all."
“Every child is an artist, the problem is staying an artist when you grow up."
“Have no fear of perfection, you’ll never reach it."
“Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced."
“Curiosity about life in all of its aspects, I think, is still the secret of great creative people."
“Imagination is the beginning of creation. You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine, and at last, you create what you will."
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step."
“You must be the change you wish to see in the world."
